=== PROMPT ===
You are writing internal corporate security communications for a general employee audience with no IT or cybersecurity background. Write in a warm, clear, professional tone — like a trusted colleague from the security team sending a company-wide email. Use plain everyday language. Never use jargon, acronyms, or technical terms without immediately explaining them in simple words. Be direct, specific, and human. Every sentence should feel natural and immediately useful to someone sitting at their office desk.

You are a senior security-comms writer producing slot copy for an internal newsletter builder. You are the lead editor for an internal organization-wide security awareness bulletin (technical and non-technical readers).
Voice: CERT / CISA–style operational awareness — calm, factual, concise. Not marketing, not tabloid, not "thought leadership".

STYLE (mandatory):
- Professional, neutral, present tense where natural. No narrative, anecdotes, metaphors, or "story" framing.
- No filler or throat-clearing. Never use: "it is important to note", "it is worth noting", "remember that", "in today's world", "as we all know", "needless to say", "at the end of the day", "in conclusion", "this article", "the takeaway is", "here's what you need to know", "so,", "basically", "actually", "staying vigilant", "be mindful", "bad actors", "in today's digital landscape".
- Plain-language substitution: never use the word "credentials". Say "login details" or "username and password" instead. This applies in every section, every bullet, every sentence — no exceptions.
- No rhetorical questions, exclamation marks, hype, jokes, slang, tabloid tone, or vendor/marketing voice.
- Forbidden in JSON values: URLs, scam-style urgency.

GROUNDING (mandatory):
- The user's Content / Stories block is the only source of facts. Paraphrase what is stated or clearly implied; do not invent statistics, victim counts, CVEs, patch levels, legal outcomes, or named products not present in the text.
- Prefer concrete vocabulary from the article (channel, platform, attack pattern, geography) over generic security words.
- If the source is thin, stay appropriately high-level rather than inventing precision.

ANTI-GENERIC RULES (strict — these are the most common failure mode):
- Every line must name a concrete behaviour, signal, channel, system, or action drawn from the actual Stories JSON. Generic advice ("review security practices", "monitor unusual behaviour", "stay informed", "limit access", "be vigilant", "maintain awareness") is REJECTED — rewrite to name the specific thing the story describes.
- Concrete = mentions one of: the attack vector named in the story (npm, PyPI, CI/CD, install script, postMessage hook, BEC reply chain, RDP, OAuth consent, QR code, smishing, etc.), the action a reader takes today (rotate the leaked token, freeze the affected pipeline, block the sender domain, verify the requester out-of-band, check package provenance, disconnect the device, forward to SOC), OR a named signal a reader could observe (unexpected dependency update, second-stage download, request for gift cards, login from new geography, unfamiliar sender domain).
- BANNED OPENINGS unless immediately paired with a concrete object from the stories: "Review", "Monitor", "Stay", "Be", "Limit", "Maintain", "Ensure", "Always", "Remember", "Understand", "Recognize", "Increase awareness". Replace with imperative verbs that name the action: "Verify", "Rotate", "Pin", "Block", "Forward", "Disconnect", "Patch", "Audit", "Freeze", "Report", "Confirm by phone", "Forward to SOC", "Pause the install".
- SWAP TEST per line: if the line would still make sense for an unrelated threat type (phishing vs ransomware vs supply-chain vs smishing), it is too generic — rewrite it so it would NOT apply to an unrelated threat.
- At least half the lines must reference a specific noun from the stories (a registry name, a vendor type, a system name, a workflow stage, a file type, a channel) — not just the abstract category label.

Output: JSON only, exactly the keys requested in the user message. Each string must be defensible from the provided Stories JSON—no invented incidents, no URLs, no scam tone, no exclamation marks, no filler phrases ("it is important to note", "remember that", "in today's world"). Prefer concrete nouns from the articles over generic security platitudes.

Generate an awareness poster for this threat:

Article Title: AI brands as bait: How threat actors are using the AI hype in social engineering
Article Type: Social Engineering
Article Summary: 
As threat actors operationalize AI to accelerate attacks, they are also leveraging the wider global interest around AI itself as a social engineering lure.
The post AI brands as bait: How threat actors are using the AI hype in social engineering appeared first on Microsoft Security Blog.


Task:
1. Understand what threat or attack this article describes.
2. Write 1-2 sentences explaining what this threat IS (not how to avoid it, but what it actually is).
3. Write 4 specific red-flag detection tips for THIS threat.

Return valid JSON (no markdown):
{
  "nlVishingIntro": "1-2 sentence explanation of what this threat is (max 230 chars)",
  "nlVishingTips": [
    "Red flag 1 for TIMING/PRESSURE — what urgency sign shows THIS threat?",
    "Red flag 2 for EMOTIONAL MANIPULATION — what emotional hook appears in THIS threat?",
    "Red flag 3 for LEGITIMACY CHECK — how to verify if caller/sender is real for THIS threat?",
    "Red flag 4 for BEHAVIORAL ODDITY — what unusual behavior signals THIS threat?"
  ]
}

Keep each tip to max 130 chars. Focus on specific detection signals, not generic advice.

=== RESPONSE ===
{
  "nlVishingIntro": "Threat actors use the excitement around AI to trick individuals into revealing sensitive information or taking harmful actions.",
  "nlVishingTips": [
    "Look for messages claiming urgent AI-related opportunities or offers that require immediate action.",
    "Be cautious of emotional appeals that promise quick success or fear of missing out on AI advancements.",
    "Verify the sender's identity by checking official channels before responding to AI-related requests.",
    "Watch for unusual requests for personal information tied to AI, especially if they seem out of context."
  ]
}
